RSS Threads
===========

   rssthreads is a program suite that can be used to import RSS channels
   from the Web to your PostgreSQL database and has miscellaneous tools
   to process (view, list, filter, mark, etc.) that recorded feeds. The
   word 'threads' in the name is because each RSS channel runs cyclically
   in an individual program's thread of control during the process of
   RSS aggregation.

   Originally, the primary goal in writing this piece of soft was to
   have such a tool helping to collect RSS the way that makes it possible
   to manage them using SQL afterwards. Then, little by little, various
   functions were added which, using SQL internally, give more convenient
   way to work with recorded feeds, from command line. So I think, this
   program can be used at least in two ways: a) as a command-line RSS
   aggregator/viewer; b) simultaneously with, say, web scripts processing
   stuff being collected by it in the database.

Protocols
   
   rssthreads tends to be compliant with RSS 2.0 protocol. I don't know,
   whether it will work correctly with older versions of the protocol.

Why PostgreSQL?

   PostgreSQL has been choosen as backend to this program because:

      1) it is _completely_ free (in contrast to even MySQL that sticks to
         "dual licensing" policy);

      2) I use PostgreSQL for my personal database-related needs;

      3) it is Big and Clever (like an elephant :) ).

Installation

   The source package is not yet autoconf'ed. To install it run
   `make'. This will produce two binaries:
      
      rssthreads - actually, the aggregator;
      rsspg - toolset for miscellaneous tasks.

   Copy them into appropriate location. Also you can install into your
   system manual path the manual pages for them, named rssthreads.1
   and rsspg.1.

   Now, what's needed by this program to work. 
      
      1. Posix Threads library (libpthread), which usually comes with
         GNU C Library.

      2. PostgreSQL database. It must be in thread-safe variant, i.e.
         compiled with --enable-thread-safety configure option.
  
      3. Expat XML parser library (http://expat.sourceforge.net).


Best regards,
Serge Baumer <baumer@users.berlios.de>
